hi I'm Jen from Lake Arden today I'm
going to show you how to use string or
yarn to create some really unique pieces
of artwork for your home I'm going to
build this nail art piece which I really
love because it's very structural so let
me show you how I did it
step 1 make a template on your computer
of the word or shape you plan on using
step 2 cut out the template and align on
wood board use scotch tape to keep it in
place
step 3 begin to outline the word with
nails placing them about a half inch
apart step 4 to start threading tie one
end of the string to a nail then outline
the word wrapping around the nail head
as you go step 5
tear away the paper template step 6
start wrapping the string around the
nails creating a zig-zag pattern
continue to do this until you've filled
in the entire word secure end a string
by tying a knot to the nail so you are
only costs about $3 per roll so the
possibilities are endless
some other really cool ideas I think
that you can use it for is wrapping a
paper mache letter or shape here I did
the peace sign rats in the multicolored
yarn gives it that very kind of hippie
70s vibe or consider wrapping styrofoam
balls with the yarn which are great for
fillers in bowls or hurricanes so for
more DIY home decor tips make sure you
subscribe to my channel for
is every Friday